README.md, before:

# sql_or_sequal
### a simple web scraping script to investigate how redditors pronounce SQL.
This script uses the praw module to create a reddit scraper that searches submissions and comments for the word SQL proceeded by either 'a' or 'an'.
If people are saying 'a SQL', we can assume they are pronouncing the word 'sequal'.  If on the other hand, they are typing 'an SQL', we assume they 
are saying 'a ESS-QUE-EL'.

## How to use this script
**0)** make sure that you have praw 7.6.0 (or newer) installed 
```
pip install praw
```
or if you already istalled praw a while ago
```
pip install --upgrade praw
```
**1)** clone this repo to your computer. 
```
git clone https://github.com/brianSalk/sql_or_sequal
```
**2)** create a reddit account if you do not already have one \
**3)** [create a reddit app](https://www.reddit.com/prefs/apps/) make sure you check the option for script \
**4)** in your cloned repository, create a new folder called `cridentials.py`.
```
touch credentials.py
```
**5)** Using the information from the reddit.com/prefs/apps, create the following 5 variables and store them in `credentials.py`
```
client_secret="asdfkajsldfkjasj83j823j" # located after word "secret"
client_id="29829383983f9h2389fh2398fh2" # located right under app name
usename="me123" # your reddit user name
password="secret12" # your reddit password
useragent="blahblah" # set equal to any string
```
[This picture](https://imgur.com/a/7PMAFCW) shows you where the client_id and client_secret are.

## Usage
#### view complete list of valid command line arguments along with breif summary of usage:
```
python sql_or_sequal.py -h
```
#### search 300 submissions in r/sql and r/programminghumor, also print a chart of the data
```
python sql_or_sequal.py -s 'sql+programminghumor' -l 300 --chart
```

Commit message:

add install scipy and matplotlib to instructions

README.md, after:

# sql_or_sequal
### a simple web scraping script to investigate how redditors pronounce SQL.
This script uses the praw module to create a reddit scraper that searches submissions and comments for the word SQL proceeded by either 'a' or 'an'.
If people are saying 'a SQL', we can assume they are pronouncing the word 'sequal'.  If on the other hand, they are typing 'an SQL', we assume they 
are saying 'a ESS-QUE-EL'.

## How to use this script
**0)** make sure that you have praw, scipy and matplotlib installed (unless you are using docker)
```
pip install praw scipy matplotlib
```
**1)** clone this repo to your computer. 
```
git clone https://github.com/brianSalk/sql_or_sequal
```
**2)** create a reddit account if you do not already have one \
**3)** [create a reddit app](https://www.reddit.com/prefs/apps/) make sure you check the option for script \
**4)** in your cloned repository, create a new folder called `cridentials.py`.
```
touch credentials.py
```
**5)** Using the information from the reddit.com/prefs/apps, create the following 5 variables and store them in `credentials.py`
```
client_secret="asdfkajsldfkjasj83j823j" # located after word "secret"
client_id="29829383983f9h2389fh2398fh2" # located right under app name
usename="me123" # your reddit user name
password="secret12" # your reddit password
useragent="blahblah" # set equal to any string
```
[This picture](https://imgur.com/a/7PMAFCW) shows you where the client_id and client_secret are.

## Usage
#### view complete list of valid command line arguments along with breif summary of usage:
```
python sql_or_sequal.py -h
```
#### search 300 submissions in r/sql and r/programminghumor, also print a chart of the data
```
python sql_or_sequal.py -s 'sql+programminghumor' -l 300 --chart
```
